[Music]
over the last few years
brig has become the best-selling rib
brand in Europe and it's added another
craft to its performance and watersports
line in the form of this the Engel 580
this might be a new boat but it very
much follows the established rigs
formula and to that end we get skipped
built into the back ends of the
inflatable collar in place of the
a-frame you get something far more pared
back and stylish and in place of
traditional jockey seats you get a pair
of two man benches in the cockpit as you
would expect that leisure BIOS
user-friendliness continues ahead of the
offset helm console where you get
another couple of seats and the option
of an infill to turn this entire bow
into a sunbathing area you expect this
boat with a hundred horsepower outlaw
that will give you thirty eight knots or
the package price of less than thirty
thousand euros now from a practical
perspective there are plenty of things
I'd like to see change on this boat but
you cannot argue either with the
sophistication of these aesthetics or
with the accessibility of that price
[Music]
you